CON-1748: Document webhook timeouts and recommendations (#792)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: changelog/README.md

* [Add reservations](../operations/reservations.md#add-reservations):
* [Price reservations](../operations/reservations.md#price-reservations):
  * Fixed the description of `State` parameter in [Reservation parameters](../operations/reservations.md#reservation-parameters) request object. Documentation-only, no change to API functionality.

> * Improved documentation around async processing and retries of Webhooks in [Webhooks FAQ](../events/wh-faq.md#asynchronous-processing) and [Important considerations for General Webhooks](../events/wh-general.md#important-considerations). Documentation-only. No change to API.

Author: ```suggestion
* Improved documentation around async processing and retries of Webhooks in [Webhooks FAQ](../events/wh-faq.md#do-you-attempt-to-resend-failed-webhook-messages) and [Important considerations for General Webhooks](../events/wh-general.md#important-considerations). Documentation-only. No change to API.

```
